Login Page Tests on desktop Chrome browser



1. Go to mitigram.com and verify the page is open and login button is displayed.

2. Go to mitigram.com and click on Login button and verify it is redirected to the url https://marketplace.mitigram.com/Account/Login

And verify that the Miti logo is displayed with email, password text field displayed and those are empty.

3. On the Login page, verify that login button, forget your password link, download from the app store button, get it on the playstore button, 

Contact us link, and Would you like to create an account? Text and coockies text is displayed.

4. On the login page, verify that your password is displayed and click on it to verify that

It is redirected to https://marketplace.mitigram.com/Account/ForgotPassword and verify forgot password page

5. On the Login page, verify that the download from the app store button is displayed and click on it and verify that 

It is redirected to https://apps.apple.com/us/app/mitigram/id1453993945 and verify the app center page.

6. On the Login page, verify that the get on the playstore button is displayed, click on it and verify that

It is redirected to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mitigram.marketplace&pli=1 page and verify playstore page. 

7. On the Login page, verify that the contact us link is visible. It is redirected to https://mitigram.com/#contact after clicking on it, and it is open in opened a new tab.

Note - [looks like it is defective when I verified through footer links by clicking on the contact link it was redirected to the correct page https://mitigram.com/contact]

8. On the login page, verify that the background is green and download from the app store button, get it on the play store button is in black with the respective logos.

Also verify that other texts and links are in white.

9. On the login page, click on the login button and verify the error message 'Email is required.

The Email field is not a valid e-mail address.' is displayed

10. On the login page, enter your email ID as 'test1test.com' and verify the error message 'The Email field is not a valid e-mail address.'

11. On the login page, enter the invalid email and invalid password and verify the error message 'Invalid login attempt.'

12. On login page, fill the email field with an email string, empty password and click on login button and verify that 'Password is required' error is displayed.

13. On login page, fill the password field with empty email and click on login button and verify that 'Email is required. The Email field is not a valid e-mail address.' error displayed.

14. On the login page, check the email field for all special characters and, without using @ .com characters, it shows the error message 'The Email field is not a valid e-mail address.'

15. On the Login page, After entering email and password field and the clicing on login button, verify that the login api is triggered in the networks tab and 

Verify api URL: https://marketplace.mitigram.com/Account/Login? ReturnUrl=%2F, Status: 200 OK is shown.



As I don't have correct login details successful there will be more tests for successful login.

Note:- perform the same test execution on the mobile browser and other desktop another browser as well





Careers Page Tests on desktop Chrome browser

1. Go to mitigram.com and scroll down to the bottom of the page and see that the careers link is visible.

2. Go to mitigram.com and scroll down to the bottom of the page and click on the careers link and verify that it is redirected to the https://mitigram.com/careers page and text 'Make Mitigram your next move' is visible.

3. On the Careers page, Verify that on header miti logo, solutions link, why mitigram link, resources link, About US link, Request a demo and login button are displayed.

Note-On Chrome browser version 123.0 it is observed that due to the image on the right side, the login button is not clearly visible. Also, about us the link is half cut. It looks like a UI defect.

4. On the Careers page, Verify cursor overriding functionality like hover cursor on solutions and why mitigram, and see that options in solutions 'by industry' and 'by products' options are visible. Under 'by industry', 'explore our corporate offerings' and 'explore our financial institutions offerings' are visibly similar on 'by products', 'Miti square', 'Miti manager' and 'Miti gateway' options are visible.

5.On the Careers page, Verify that 'Make Mitigram your next move' title is visible and the text below is visible. Click on Open positions it should redirect to the https://www.mitigram.com/careers#open-positions and open positions should be visible and be default 'All' categories should be selected.

6.On the Careers open positions page, Select first job post, here right now its BI Analyst after selecting it + should become - and we should see the short job description 'learn more' button, apply for this position button and job Location on the right hand side.

7. After selecting the job post 'BI Analyst' and clicking on 'Learn more' button an pdf should be open with the detailed job description for same job position. Clicking on back button it should come back to open positions page.

